add external blog posts (#307)
cilium/cilium.io: src/posts/2023-06-22-azure-cni/index.md

---
date: '2023-06-22T11:28:00.000Z'
title: 'Azure CNI with Cilium: Most scalable and performant container networking in the Cloud'
ogImage: ogimage.webp

> ogSummary: 'Microsoft Azure announce the general availability of Azure CNI powered by Cilium'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ogSummary: 'Microsoft Azure announce the general availability of Azure CNI powered by Cilium with performance numbers'
```
